hi and welcome to simply height decoding
UK today we're taking a look at the Berg
house Jalan 60 plus 15 rucksack and see
a great size now a 60 litre part of it
is the main compartment and it also
includes a 15 liter removable day sack
as well just take a look a bit more
detail it's made from a juror fabric
that's really nice and durable weighs
just two point four kilograms and as I
said 60 plus 15 liters so on the front
two compression straps know what these
do is hold your removable de second
place just put this to one side take a
look at the day SEC first of all it's a
great size pocket on the front they're
perfect for putting in water bottle and
she on the top here
Pedro so it is compatible with hydration
systems just open the main compartment
cities or toggles around obviously we've
removed this but you can just have this
on there and this will obviously still
allow you to put the water box on the
front of your main rack and there you go
as you can see really nice size in there
great size and what they've also
included nice elastic a slip there just
perfect for maps things like that and
also on the other side you see nice
organizer section with some mesh pockets
some additional pockets in there and
obviously this all goes down to the
bottom so it's a really nice size also
got on the front the side pocket which
allows you to get in there and just
great size as you see on the back I said
loop just help it obviously if you need
to hang it anywhere else just for
storage it will just helps move it
around see nice padded shoulder straps
all mesh exactly same as the back plate
system it's got a flow technology
systems when this is on it's going to
skim out the air to breathe and yeah to
circulate around your back keeping
everything nice and breathable
these obviously all adjustable by the
straps at the bottom yeah spread a
little Dave sack there comes with it
that's one size come back to the main
backpack now and you see
main section is on the front here all
covered sort of by a baffle these evil
Dougal's
foil right down and you see that is your
main compartment really nice size i
solid back to everything there's me nice
and safe I've got these compression
straps either sides to make sure
everything there's nice and sturdy
they've also included you see this nice
mesh pocket that is literally the whole
of the front front plate
this is open up all the way down to the
bottom obviously this mesh can help keep
things breathable obvious you can see
what's in there and get to it nice and
easily
now what also allows this to expand at
the top you see obviously at the moment
that's as far as you can pack it we just
take a look at the next compartment just
got on the side here picture zippers
open those again with easy portables
this again its own compartment and you
see a really nice science goes all the
way to the top another mesh pocket on
the front now I said this is a buy
single by its own its own pocket or what
it's also got inside their rights to
back zippers so you can pull these
this allows the main compartments
stretch all the way to the top so this
is a little extra storage mechanism
great feature sit there backup there's a
really nice quoted grab handle on top
again just helps put this in storage and
if you've got a lot of items in it don't
put it on someone's back turning it
around you see really really thick and
padded shoulder straps again just like
the basic all mesh underlining take your
same as the back plate is extremely
thick and again will just help with that
air circulate around your back keep you
nice and cool I think it's got the a
track system so simple velcro it up move
it down up and down to your exact
preference coming down we've got
adjustable chest strap again just
adjustable by the side sides and buckle
in the middle which helps get it on and
off come down to the bottom now as you
can see got a nice waist belt very very
thick and padded again the same mesh
material that's used at the top i
extremely padded down the bottom so you
know your lower-end of your back is
going to be very supported and as usual
just a nice thick buckle from Bourke out
there then easy to get on and off great
size and again as usual these are
adjustable just by the straps there so
great rucksack from Bourke house here at
simply hiked up cody at UK
you